it is now time to present the 2009
Imperial Lifetime Achievement Award as
you well know this award goes out to an
individual that has left their indelible
print upon the scroll of history past
recipients include marcus tullius cicero
san agustin Savonarola of florence sir
edmund burke and general robert e lee
this year's recipient is certainly a
shoo-in to join these hallowed men the
2009 imperial Lifetime Achievement
recipient changed the way professional
football display he invented the widely
used 4-3 defense while defensive
coordinator with the New York Giants
from 1954 to 1959 under head coach jim
lee health and coached alongside
offensive coordinator vince lombardi
where he helped the team win one NFL
championship as the first head coach of
the dallas cowboys he remained at this
post for 29 years from 1962 1989
compiling the third best winning
percentage in league history winning two
Super Bowls appearing in seven NFL title
games whether they be called the Super
Bowl or the NFL championship game
appeared in ten NFC championship games
and make the NFC Eastern Division title
a doorstop around the valley ranch with
13 victories and most importantly
accomplished 20 consecutive winning
seasons of feet Bill Walsh Chuck Noll
Don Shula Vince Lombardi and Bill
Belichick have not accomplished but more
importantly he served his country
faithfully and honorably in World War
two vilest
in 1943 at the age of 19 is a bomber
pilot flying the b-17s which had a very
low return rate and he flew 30 missions
and was made a co-pilot and was
discharged in November of 1945 he's a
lifetime Methodist and overall board
chairman of the Fellowship of Christian
Athletes a row he took full part in
after his career with the Dallas Cowboys
was over please welcome to the stage the
pride of Mission Texas Tom Landry